---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_authentication_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_authentication_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page)
- `name` (String) The name of the entry
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `allow_list` (List of String) The `allow_list` parameter.
- `lockout` (Attributes) The `lockout` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--lockout))
- `method` (Attributes) The `method` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method))
- `multi_factor_auth` (Attributes) The `multi_factor_auth` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--multi_factor_auth))
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `single_sign_on` (Attributes) The `single_sign_on` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--single_sign_on))
- `user_domain` (String) The `user_domain` parameter.
- `username_modifier` (String) The `username_modifier` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--lockout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.lockout`

Read-Only:

- `failed_attempts` (Number) The `failed_attempts` parameter.
- `lockout_time` (Number) The `lockout_time` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method`

Read-Only:

- `kerberos` (Attributes) The `kerberos` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method--kerberos))
- `ldap` (Attributes) The `ldap` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method--ldap))
- `local_database` (Boolean) The `local_database` parameter.
- `radius` (Attributes) The `radius` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method--radius))
- `saml_idp` (Attributes) The `saml_idp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method--saml_idp))
- `tacplus` (Attributes) The `tacplus` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--method--tacplus))

<a id="nestedatt--data--method--kerberos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method.kerberos`

Read-Only:

- `realm` (String) The `realm` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--method--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method.ldap`

Read-Only:

- `login_attribute` (String) The `login_attribute` parameter.
- `passwd_exp_days` (Number) The `passwd_exp_days` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--method--radius"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method.radius`

Read-Only:

- `checkgroup` (Boolean) The `checkgroup` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--method--saml_idp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method.saml_idp`

Read-Only:

- `attribute_name_usergroup` (String) The `attribute_name_usergroup` parameter.
- `attribute_name_username` (String) The `attribute_name_username` parameter.
- `certificate_profile` (String) The `certificate_profile` parameter.
- `enable_single_logout` (Boolean) The `enable_single_logout` parameter.
- `request_signing_certificate` (String) The `request_signing_certificate` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--method--tacplus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.method.tacplus`

Read-Only:

- `checkgroup` (Boolean) The `checkgroup` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--multi_factor_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.multi_factor_auth`

Read-Only:

- `factors` (List of String) The `factors` parameter.
- `mfa_enable` (Boolean) The `mfa_enable` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--single_sign_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.single_sign_on`

Read-Only:

- `kerberos_keytab` (String) The `kerberos_keytab` parameter.
- `realm` (String) The `realm` parameter.


