---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_auto_tag_actions_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_auto_tag_actions_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page)
- `name` (String) The name of the entry
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (Attributes List) The `actions` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--actions))
- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `filter` (String) The `filter` parameter.
- `log_type` (String) The `log_type` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `quarantine` (Boolean) The `quarantine` parameter.
- `send_to_panorama` (Boolean) The `send_to_panorama` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.actions`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `type` (Attributes) The `type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--actions--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--actions--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.actions.type`

Read-Only:

- `tagging` (Attributes) The `tagging` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--actions--type--tagging))

<a id="nestedatt--data--actions--type--tagging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.actions.type.tagging`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The `action` parameter.
- `tags` (List of String) The `tags` parameter.
- `target` (String) The `target` parameter.
- `timeout` (Number) The `timeout` parameter.


