---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_decryption_rules_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_decryption_rules_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.
- `position` (String) The position of a security rule. Value must be one of: `"pre"`, `"post"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The `action` parameter.
- `category` (List of String) The `category` parameter.
- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `destination` (List of String) The `destination` parameter.
- `destination_hip` (List of String) The `destination_hip` parameter.
- `disabled` (Boolean) The `disabled` parameter.
- `from` (List of String) The `from` parameter.
- `log_fail` (Boolean) The `log_fail` parameter.
- `log_setting` (String) The `log_setting` parameter.
- `log_success` (Boolean) The `log_success` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) The `negate_destination` parameter.
- `negate_source` (Boolean) The `negate_source` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `profile` (String) The `profile` parameter.
- `service` (List of String) The `service` parameter.
- `source` (List of String) The `source` parameter.
- `source_hip` (List of String) The `source_hip` parameter.
- `source_user` (List of String) The `source_user` parameter.
- `tag` (List of String) The `tag` parameter.
- `to` (List of String) The `to` parameter.
- `type` (Attributes) The `type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.type`

Read-Only:

- `ssl_forward_proxy` (Boolean) The `ssl_forward_proxy` parameter.
- `ssl_inbound_inspection` (String) The `ssl_inbound_inspection` parameter.


