---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_decryption_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_decryption_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page)
- `name` (String) The name of the entry
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `ssl_forward_proxy` (Attributes) The `ssl_forward_proxy` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ssl_forward_proxy))
- `ssl_inbound_proxy` (Attributes) The `ssl_inbound_proxy` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ssl_inbound_proxy))
- `ssl_no_proxy` (Attributes) The `ssl_no_proxy` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ssl_no_proxy))
- `ssl_protocol_settings` (Attributes) The `ssl_protocol_settings` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--ssl_protocol_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--data--ssl_forward_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ssl_forward_proxy`

Read-Only:

- `auto_include_altname` (Boolean) The `auto_include_altname` parameter.
- `block_client_cert` (Boolean) The `block_client_cert` parameter.
- `block_expired_certificate` (Boolean) The `block_expired_certificate` parameter.
- `block_timeout_cert` (Boolean) The `block_timeout_cert` parameter.
- `block_tls13_downgrade_no_resource` (Boolean) The `block_tls13_downgrade_no_resource` parameter.
- `block_unknown_cert` (Boolean) The `block_unknown_cert` parameter.
- `block_unsupported_cipher` (Boolean) The `block_unsupported_cipher` parameter.
- `block_unsupported_version` (Boolean) The `block_unsupported_version` parameter.
- `block_untrusted_issuer` (Boolean) The `block_untrusted_issuer` parameter.
- `restrict_cert_exts` (Boolean) The `restrict_cert_exts` parameter.
- `strip_alpn` (Boolean) The `strip_alpn` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--ssl_inbound_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ssl_inbound_proxy`

Read-Only:

- `block_if_hsm_unavailable` (Boolean) The `block_if_hsm_unavailable` parameter.
- `block_if_no_resource` (Boolean) The `block_if_no_resource` parameter.
- `block_unsupported_cipher` (Boolean) The `block_unsupported_cipher` parameter.
- `block_unsupported_version` (Boolean) The `block_unsupported_version` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--ssl_no_proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ssl_no_proxy`

Read-Only:

- `block_expired_certificate` (Boolean) The `block_expired_certificate` parameter.
- `block_untrusted_issuer` (Boolean) The `block_untrusted_issuer` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--ssl_protocol_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.ssl_protocol_settings`

Read-Only:

- `auth_algo_md5` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_md5` parameter.
- `auth_algo_sha1` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha1` parameter.
- `auth_algo_sha256` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha256` parameter.
- `auth_algo_sha384` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha384` parameter.
- `enc_algo3des` (Boolean) The `enc_algo3des` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes128_cbc` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes128_cbc` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes128_gcm` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes128_gcm` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes256_cbc` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes256_cbc` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes256_gcm` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes256_gcm` parameter.
- `enc_algo_chacha20_poly1305` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_chacha20_poly1305` parameter.
- `enc_algo_rc4` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_rc4` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_dhe` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_dhe` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_ecdhe` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_ecdhe` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_rsa` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_rsa` parameter.
- `max_version` (String) The `max_version` parameter.
- `min_version` (String) The `min_version` parameter.


