---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_dns_security_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_dns_security_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `botnet_domains` (Attributes) The `botnet_domains` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains))
- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains`

Read-Only:

- `dns_security_categories` (Attributes List) The `dns_security_categories` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--dns_security_categories))
- `lists` (Attributes List) The `lists` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists))
- `sinkhole` (Attributes) The `sinkhole` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--sinkhole))
- `whitelist` (Attributes List) The `whitelist` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--whitelist))

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--dns_security_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.dns_security_categories`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) The `action` parameter.
- `log_level` (String) The `log_level` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `packet_capture` (String) The `packet_capture` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists`

Read-Only:

- `action` (Attributes) The `action` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action))
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `packet_capture` (String) The `packet_capture` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--lists--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.lists.packet_capture`

Read-Only:

- `alert` (Boolean) The `alert` parameter.
- `allow` (Boolean) The `allow` parameter.
- `block` (Boolean) The `block` parameter.
- `sinkhole` (Boolean) The `sinkhole` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--sinkhole"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.sinkhole`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4_address` (String) The `ipv4_address` parameter.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The `ipv6_address` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--botnet_domains--whitelist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.botnet_domains.whitelist`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.


