---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_ike_gateways_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_ike_gateways_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (Attributes) The `authentication` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--authentication))
- `local_id` (Attributes) The `local_id` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--local_id))
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `peer_address` (Attributes) The `peer_address` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--peer_address))
- `peer_id` (Attributes) The `peer_id` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--peer_id))
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol))
- `protocol_common` (Attributes) The `protocol_common` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol_common))

<a id="nestedatt--data--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.authentication`

Read-Only:

- `allow_id_payload_mismatch` (Boolean) The `allow_id_payload_mismatch` parameter.
- `certificate_profile` (String) The `certificate_profile` parameter.
- `local_certificate` (Attributes) The `local_certificate` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--authentication--local_certificate))
- `pre_shared_key` (Attributes) The `pre_shared_key` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--authentication--pre_shared_key))
- `strict_validation_revocation` (Boolean) The `strict_validation_revocation` parameter.
- `use_management_as_source` (Boolean) The `use_management_as_source` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--authentication--local_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.authentication.local_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `local_certificate_name` (String) The `local_certificate_name` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--authentication--pre_shared_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.authentication.pre_shared_key`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The `key` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--local_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.local_id`

Read-Only:

- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `type` (String) The `type` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--peer_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.peer_address`

Read-Only:

- `dynamic_value` (Boolean) The `dynamic_value` parameter.
- `fqdn` (String) The `fqdn` parameter.
- `ip` (String) The `ip` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--peer_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.peer_id`

Read-Only:

- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `type` (String) The `type` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `ikev1` (Attributes) The `ikev1` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev1))
- `ikev2` (Attributes) The `ikev2` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev2))
- `version` (String) The `version` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.ikev1`

Read-Only:

- `dpd` (Attributes) The `dpd` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev1--dpd))
- `ike_crypto_profile` (String) The `ike_crypto_profile` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev1--dpd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.ikev1.ike_crypto_profile`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.ikev2`

Read-Only:

- `dpd` (Attributes) The `dpd` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev2--dpd))
- `ike_crypto_profile` (String) The `ike_crypto_profile` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--ikev2--dpd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.ikev2.ike_crypto_profile`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.




<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol_common"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol_common`

Read-Only:

- `fragmentation` (Attributes) The `fragmentation` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol_common--fragmentation))
- `nat_traversal` (Attributes) The `nat_traversal` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol_common--nat_traversal))
- `passive_mode` (Boolean) The `passive_mode` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol_common--fragmentation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol_common.fragmentation`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol_common--nat_traversal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol_common.nat_traversal`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.


