---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_ipsec_tunnels_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_ipsec_tunnels_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page)
- `name` (String) The name of the entry
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `anti_replay` (Boolean) The `anti_replay` parameter.
- `auto_key` (Attributes) The `auto_key` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key))
- `copy_tos` (Boolean) The `copy_tos` parameter.
- `enable_gre_encapsulation` (Boolean) The `enable_gre_encapsulation` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `tunnel_monitor` (Attributes) The `tunnel_monitor` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--tunnel_monitor))

<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key`

Read-Only:

- `ike_gateway` (Attributes List) The `ike_gateway` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key--ike_gateway))
- `ipsec_crypto_profile` (String) The `ipsec_crypto_profile` parameter.
- `proxy_id` (Attributes List) The `proxy_id` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id))

<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key--ike_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key.ike_gateway`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key.proxy_id`

Read-Only:

- `local` (String) The `local` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol))
- `remote` (String) The `remote` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key.proxy_id.remote`

Read-Only:

- `number` (Number) The `number` parameter.
- `tcp` (Attributes) The `tcp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--remote--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) The `udp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--remote--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--remote--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key.proxy_id.remote.tcp`

Read-Only:

- `local_port` (Number) The `local_port` parameter.
- `remote_port` (Number) The `remote_port` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--auto_key--proxy_id--remote--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.auto_key.proxy_id.remote.udp`

Read-Only:

- `local_port` (Number) The `local_port` parameter.
- `remote_port` (Number) The `remote_port` parameter.





<a id="nestedatt--data--tunnel_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.tunnel_monitor`

Read-Only:

- `destination_ip` (String) The `destination_ip` parameter.
- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.
- `proxy_id` (String) The `proxy_id` parameter.


