---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_jobs_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_jobs_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `limit` (Number) The `limit` parameter.
- `offset` (Number) The `offset` parameter.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `details` (String) The `details` parameter.
- `end_ts` (String) The `end_ts` parameter.
- `insert_ts` (String) The `insert_ts` parameter.
- `job_result` (String) The `job_result` parameter.
- `job_status` (String) The `job_status` parameter.
- `job_type` (String) The `job_type` parameter.
- `last_update` (String) The `last_update` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `opaque_int` (String) The `opaque_int` parameter.
- `opaque_str` (String) The `opaque_str` parameter.
- `owner` (String) The `owner` parameter.
- `parent_id` (String) The `parent_id` parameter.
- `percent` (String) The `percent` parameter.
- `result_i` (String) The `result_i` parameter.
- `result_str` (String) The `result_str` parameter.
- `session_id` (String) The `session_id` parameter.
- `start_ts` (String) The `start_ts` parameter.
- `status_i` (String) The `status_i` parameter.
- `status_str` (String) The `status_str` parameter.
- `summary` (String) The `summary` parameter.
- `type_i` (String) The `type_i` parameter.
- `type_str` (String) The `type_str` parameter.
- `uname` (String) The `uname` parameter.


