---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_objects_schedules_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_objects_schedules_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `schedule_type` (Attributes) The `schedule_type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--schedule_type))

<a id="nestedatt--data--schedule_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.schedule_type`

Read-Only:

- `non_recurring` (List of String) The `non_recurring` parameter.
- `recurring` (Attributes) The `recurring` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--schedule_type--recurring))

<a id="nestedatt--data--schedule_type--recurring"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.schedule_type.recurring`

Read-Only:

- `daily` (List of String) The `daily` parameter.
- `weekly` (Attributes) The `weekly` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--schedule_type--recurring--weekly))

<a id="nestedatt--data--schedule_type--recurring--weekly"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.schedule_type.recurring.weekly`

Read-Only:

- `friday` (List of String) The `friday` parameter.
- `monday` (List of String) The `monday` parameter.
- `saturday` (List of String) The `saturday` parameter.
- `sunday` (List of String) The `sunday` parameter.
- `thursday` (List of String) The `thursday` parameter.
- `tuesday` (List of String) The `tuesday` parameter.
- `wednesday` (List of String) The `wednesday` parameter.


