---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_radius_server_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_radius_server_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol))
- `retries` (Number) The `retries` parameter.
- `server` (Attributes List) The `server` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--server))
- `timeout` (Number) The `timeout` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `c_h_a_p` (Boolean) The `c_h_a_p` parameter.
- `e_a_p_t_t_l_s_with_p_a_p` (Attributes) The `e_a_p_t_t_l_s_with_p_a_p` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--e_a_p_t_t_l_s_with_p_a_p))
- `p_a_p` (Boolean) The `p_a_p` parameter.
- `p_e_a_p_m_s_c_h_a_pv2` (Attributes) The `p_e_a_p_m_s_c_h_a_pv2` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--p_e_a_p_m_s_c_h_a_pv2))
- `p_e_a_p_with_g_t_c` (Attributes) The `p_e_a_p_with_g_t_c` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--p_e_a_p_with_g_t_c))

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--e_a_p_t_t_l_s_with_p_a_p"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.e_a_p_t_t_l_s_with_p_a_p`

Read-Only:

- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The `anon_outer_id` parameter.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The `radius_cert_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--p_e_a_p_m_s_c_h_a_pv2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.p_e_a_p_m_s_c_h_a_pv2`

Read-Only:

- `allow_pwd_change` (Boolean) The `allow_pwd_change` parameter.
- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The `anon_outer_id` parameter.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The `radius_cert_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--p_e_a_p_with_g_t_c"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.p_e_a_p_with_g_t_c`

Read-Only:

- `anon_outer_id` (Boolean) The `anon_outer_id` parameter.
- `radius_cert_profile` (String) The `radius_cert_profile` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.server`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) The `ip_address` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `port` (Number) The `port` parameter.
- `secret` (String) The `secret` parameter.


