---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_service_connections_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_service_connections_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `backup_s_c` (String) The `backup_s_c` parameter.
- `bgp_peer` (Attributes) The `bgp_peer` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--bgp_peer))
- `ipsec_tunnel` (String) The `ipsec_tunnel` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `nat_pool` (String) The `nat_pool` parameter.
- `no_export_community` (String) The `no_export_community` parameter.
- `onboarding_type` (String) The `onboarding_type` parameter.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol))
- `qos` (Attributes) The `qos` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--qos))
- `region` (String) The `region` parameter.
- `secondary_ipsec_tunnel` (String) The `secondary_ipsec_tunnel` parameter.
- `source_nat` (Boolean) The `source_nat` parameter.
- `subnets` (List of String) The `subnets` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data--bgp_peer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.bgp_peer`

Read-Only:

- `local_ip_address` (String) The `local_ip_address` parameter.
- `local_ipv6_address` (String) The `local_ipv6_address` parameter.
- `peer_ip_address` (String) The `peer_ip_address` parameter.
- `peer_ipv6_address` (String) The `peer_ipv6_address` parameter.
- `same_as_primary` (Boolean) The `same_as_primary` parameter.
- `secret` (String) The `secret` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `bgp` (Attributes) The `bgp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp))

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol.bgp`

Read-Only:

- `do_not_export_routes` (Boolean) The `do_not_export_routes` parameter.
- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.
- `fast_failover` (Boolean) The `fast_failover` parameter.
- `local_ip_address` (String) The `local_ip_address` parameter.
- `originate_default_route` (Boolean) The `originate_default_route` parameter.
- `peer_as` (String) The `peer_as` parameter.
- `peer_ip_address` (String) The `peer_ip_address` parameter.
- `secret` (String) The `secret` parameter.
- `summarize_mobile_user_routes` (Boolean) The `summarize_mobile_user_routes` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--data--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.qos`

Read-Only:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter.
- `qos_profile` (String) The `qos_profile` parameter.


