---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_tls_service_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_tls_service_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page).
- `name` (String) The name of the entry.
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry.

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) The `certificate` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `protocol_settings` (Attributes) The `protocol_settings` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--protocol_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--data--protocol_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.protocol_settings`

Read-Only:

- `auth_algo_sha1` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha1` parameter.
- `auth_algo_sha256` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha256` parameter.
- `auth_algo_sha384` (Boolean) The `auth_algo_sha384` parameter.
- `enc_algo3des` (Boolean) The `enc_algo3des` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes128_cbc` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes128_cbc` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes128_gcm` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes128_gcm` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes256_cbc` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes256_cbc` parameter.
- `enc_algo_aes256_gcm` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_aes256_gcm` parameter.
- `enc_algo_rc4` (Boolean) The `enc_algo_rc4` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_dhe` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_dhe` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_ecdhe` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_ecdhe` parameter.
- `keyxchg_algo_rsa` (Boolean) The `keyxchg_algo_rsa` parameter.
- `max_version` (String) The `max_version` parameter.
- `min_version` (String) The `min_version` parameter.


