---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_wildfire_anti_virus_profiles_list Data Source - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves a listing of config items.
---

# sase_wildfire_anti_virus_profiles_list (Data Source)

Retrieves a listing of config items.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The max count in result entry (count per page)
- `name` (String) The name of the entry
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the result entry

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The `data` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))
- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `total` (Number) The `total` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `mlav_exception` (Attributes List) The `mlav_exception` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--mlav_exception))
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.
- `packet_capture` (Boolean) The `packet_capture` parameter.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The `rules` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--rules))
- `threat_exception` (Attributes List) The `threat_exception` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--threat_exception))

<a id="nestedatt--data--mlav_exception"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.mlav_exception`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The `description` parameter.
- `filename` (String) The `filename` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.rules`

Read-Only:

- `analysis` (String) The `analysis` parameter.
- `application` (List of String) The `application` parameter.
- `direction` (String) The `direction` parameter.
- `file_type` (List of String) The `file_type` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--data--threat_exception"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.threat_exception`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `notes` (String) The `notes` parameter.


