---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_authentication_profiles Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_authentication_profiles (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.

### Optional

- `allow_list` (List of String) The `allow_list` parameter.
- `lockout` (Attributes) The `lockout` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lockout))
- `method` (Attributes) The `method` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method))
- `multi_factor_auth` (Attributes) The `multi_factor_auth` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multi_factor_auth))
- `single_sign_on` (Attributes) The `single_sign_on` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--single_sign_on))
- `user_domain` (String) The `user_domain` parameter. String length must be at most 63.
- `username_modifier` (String) The `username_modifier` parameter. Value must be one of: `"%USERINPUT%"`, `"%USERINPUT%@%USERDOMAIN%"`, `"%USERDOMAIN%\\\\%USERINPUT%"`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--lockout"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lockout`

Optional:

- `failed_attempts` (Number) The `failed_attempts` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 10.
- `lockout_time` (Number) The `lockout_time` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 60.


<a id="nestedatt--method"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method`

Optional:

- `kerberos` (Attributes) The `kerberos` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method--kerberos))
- `ldap` (Attributes) The `ldap` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method--ldap))
- `local_database` (Boolean) The `local_database` parameter.
- `radius` (Attributes) The `radius` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method--radius))
- `saml_idp` (Attributes) The `saml_idp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method--saml_idp))
- `tacplus` (Attributes) The `tacplus` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--method--tacplus))

<a id="nestedatt--method--kerberos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method.kerberos`

Optional:

- `realm` (String) The `realm` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--method--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method.ldap`

Optional:

- `login_attribute` (String) The `login_attribute` parameter.
- `passwd_exp_days` (Number) The `passwd_exp_days` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--method--radius"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method.radius`

Optional:

- `checkgroup` (Boolean) The `checkgroup` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--method--saml_idp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method.saml_idp`

Optional:

- `attribute_name_usergroup` (String) The `attribute_name_usergroup` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 63.
- `attribute_name_username` (String) The `attribute_name_username` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 63.
- `certificate_profile` (String) The `certificate_profile` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `enable_single_logout` (Boolean) The `enable_single_logout` parameter.
- `request_signing_certificate` (String) The `request_signing_certificate` parameter. String length must be at most 64.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter. String length must be at most 63.


<a id="nestedatt--method--tacplus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `method.tacplus`

Optional:

- `checkgroup` (Boolean) The `checkgroup` parameter.
- `server_profile` (String) The `server_profile` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--multi_factor_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multi_factor_auth`

Optional:

- `factors` (List of String) The `factors` parameter.
- `mfa_enable` (Boolean) The `mfa_enable` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--single_sign_on"></a>
### Nested Schema for `single_sign_on`

Optional:

- `kerberos_keytab` (String) The `kerberos_keytab` parameter. String length must be at most 8192.
- `realm` (String) The `realm` parameter. String length must be at most 127.


