---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_ipsec_tunnels Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_ipsec_tunnels (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_key` (Attributes) The `auto_key` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key))
- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 63.

### Optional

- `anti_replay` (Boolean) The `anti_replay` parameter.
- `copy_tos` (Boolean) The `copy_tos` parameter. Default: `false`.
- `enable_gre_encapsulation` (Boolean) The `enable_gre_encapsulation` parameter. Default: `false`.
- `tunnel_monitor` (Attributes) The `tunnel_monitor` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tunnel_monitor))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key`

Required:

- `ike_gateway` (Attributes List) The `ike_gateway` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key--ike_gateway))
- `ipsec_crypto_profile` (String) The `ipsec_crypto_profile` parameter.

Optional:

- `proxy_id` (Attributes List) The `proxy_id` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_key--ike_gateway"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key.ike_gateway`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key.proxy_id`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.

Optional:

- `local` (String) The `local` parameter.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol))
- `remote` (String) The `remote` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key.proxy_id.protocol`

Optional:

- `number` (Number) The `number` parameter. Value must be between 1 and 254.
- `tcp` (Attributes) The `tcp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) The `udp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key.proxy_id.protocol.udp`

Optional:

- `local_port` (Number) The `local_port` parameter. Default: `0`. Value must be between 0 and 65535.
- `remote_port` (Number) The `remote_port` parameter. Default: `0`. Value must be between 0 and 65535.


<a id="nestedatt--auto_key--proxy_id--protocol--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_key.proxy_id.protocol.udp`

Optional:

- `local_port` (Number) The `local_port` parameter. Default: `0`. Value must be between 0 and 65535.
- `remote_port` (Number) The `remote_port` parameter. Default: `0`. Value must be between 0 and 65535.





<a id="nestedatt--tunnel_monitor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tunnel_monitor`

Required:

- `destination_ip` (String) The `destination_ip` parameter.

Optional:

- `enable` (Boolean) The `enable` parameter. Default: `true`.
- `proxy_id` (String) The `proxy_id` parameter.


