---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_mfa_servers Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_mfa_servers (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry
- `mfa_cert_profile` (String) The `mfa_cert_profile` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.
- `position` (String) The position of a security rule

### Optional

- `mfa_vendor_type` (Attributes) The `mfa_vendor_type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type`

Optional:

- `duo_security_v2` (Attributes) The `duo_security_v2` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--duo_security_v2))
- `okta_adaptive_v1` (Attributes) The `okta_adaptive_v1` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--okta_adaptive_v1))
- `ping_identity_v1` (Attributes) The `ping_identity_v1` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--ping_identity_v1))
- `rsa_securid_access_v1` (Attributes) The `rsa_securid_access_v1` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--rsa_securid_access_v1))

<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--duo_security_v2"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.duo_security_v2`

Optional:

- `duo_api_host` (String) The `duo_api_host` parameter.
- `duo_baseuri` (String) The `duo_baseuri` parameter.
- `duo_integration_key` (String) The `duo_integration_key` parameter.
- `duo_secret_key` (String) The `duo_secret_key` parameter.
- `duo_timeout` (String) The `duo_timeout` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--okta_adaptive_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.okta_adaptive_v1`

Optional:

- `okta_api_host` (String) The `okta_api_host` parameter.
- `okta_baseuri` (String) The `okta_baseuri` parameter.
- `okta_org` (String) The `okta_org` parameter.
- `okta_timeout` (String) The `okta_timeout` parameter.
- `okta_token` (String) The `okta_token` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--ping_identity_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.ping_identity_v1`

Optional:

- `ping_api_host` (String) The `ping_api_host` parameter.
- `ping_baseuri` (String) The `ping_baseuri` parameter.
- `ping_org` (String) The `ping_org` parameter.
- `ping_org_alias` (String) The `ping_org_alias` parameter.
- `ping_timeout` (String) The `ping_timeout` parameter.
- `ping_token` (String) The `ping_token` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--mfa_vendor_type--rsa_securid_access_v1"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mfa_vendor_type.rsa_securid_access_v1`

Optional:

- `rsa_accessid` (String) The `rsa_accessid` parameter.
- `rsa_accesskey` (String) The `rsa_accesskey` parameter.
- `rsa_api_host` (String) The `rsa_api_host` parameter.
- `rsa_assurancepolicyid` (String) The `rsa_assurancepolicyid` parameter.
- `rsa_baseuri` (String) The `rsa_baseuri` parameter.
- `rsa_timeout` (String) The `rsa_timeout` parameter.


