---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_objects_applications Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_objects_applications (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category` (String) The `category` parameter.
- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `risk` (Number) The `risk` parameter. Value must be between 1 and 5.
- `subcategory` (String) The `subcategory` parameter. String length must be at most 63.
- `technology` (String) The `technology` parameter. String length must be at most 63.

### Optional

- `able_to_transfer_file` (Boolean) The `able_to_transfer_file` parameter.
- `alg_disable_capability` (String) The `alg_disable_capability` parameter. String length must be at most 127.
- `consume_big_bandwidth` (Boolean) The `consume_big_bandwidth` parameter.
- `data_ident` (Boolean) The `data_ident` parameter.
- `default` (Attributes) The `default` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default))
- `description` (String) The `description` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 1023.
- `evasive_behavior` (Boolean) The `evasive_behavior` parameter.
- `file_type_ident` (Boolean) The `file_type_ident` parameter.
- `has_known_vulnerability` (Boolean) The `has_known_vulnerability` parameter.
- `no_appid_caching` (Boolean) The `no_appid_caching` parameter.
- `parent_app` (String) The `parent_app` parameter. String length must be at most 127.
- `pervasive_use` (Boolean) The `pervasive_use` parameter.
- `prone_to_misuse` (Boolean) The `prone_to_misuse` parameter.
- `signature` (Attributes List) The `signature` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature))
- `tcp_half_closed_timeout` (Number) The `tcp_half_closed_timeout` parameter. Value must be between 1 and 604800.
- `tcp_time_wait_timeout` (Number) The `tcp_time_wait_timeout` parameter. Value must be between 1 and 600.
- `tcp_timeout` (Number) The `tcp_timeout` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 604800.
- `timeout` (Number) The `timeout` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 604800.
- `tunnel_applications` (Boolean) The `tunnel_applications` parameter.
- `tunnel_other_application` (Boolean) The `tunnel_other_application` parameter.
- `udp_timeout` (Number) The `udp_timeout` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 604800.
- `used_by_malware` (Boolean) The `used_by_malware` parameter.
- `virus_ident` (Boolean) The `virus_ident` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--default"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default`

Optional:

- `ident_by_icmp6_type` (Attributes) The `ident_by_icmp6_type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default--ident_by_icmp6_type))
- `ident_by_icmp_type` (Attributes) The `ident_by_icmp_type` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default--ident_by_icmp_type))
- `ident_by_ip_protocol` (String) The `ident_by_ip_protocol` parameter.
- `port` (List of String) The `port` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--default--ident_by_icmp6_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default.ident_by_icmp6_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) The `type` parameter.

Optional:

- `code` (String) The `code` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--default--ident_by_icmp_type"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default.ident_by_icmp_type`

Required:

- `type` (String) The `type` parameter.

Optional:

- `code` (String) The `code` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--signature"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.

Optional:

- `and_condition` (Attributes List) The `and_condition` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition))
- `comment` (String) The `comment` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 256.
- `order_free` (Boolean) The `order_free` parameter. Default: `false`.
- `scope` (String) The `scope` parameter. Default: `"protocol-data-unit"`. Value must be one of: `"protocol-data-unit"`, `"session"`.

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.

Optional:

- `or_condition` (Attributes List) The `or_condition` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `operator` (Attributes) The `operator` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator`

Optional:

- `equal_to` (Attributes) The `equal_to` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--equal_to))
- `greater_than` (Attributes) The `greater_than` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--greater_than))
- `less_than` (Attributes) The `less_than` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--less_than))
- `pattern_match` (Attributes) The `pattern_match` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--pattern_match))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--equal_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.equal_to`

Required:

- `context` (String) The `context` parameter.
- `value` (String) The `value` parameter. String length must be at most 10.

Optional:

- `mask` (String) The `mask` parameter. String length must be at most 10.
- `position` (String) The `position` parameter. String length must be at most 127.


<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--greater_than"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.greater_than`

Required:

- `context` (String) The `context` parameter. String length must be at most 127.
- `value` (Number) The `value` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 4294967295.

Optional:

- `qualifier` (Attributes List) The `qualifier` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--greater_than--qualifier))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--greater_than--qualifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.greater_than.qualifier`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `value` (String) The `value` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--less_than"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.less_than`

Required:

- `context` (String) The `context` parameter. String length must be at most 127.
- `value` (Number) The `value` parameter. Value must be between 0 and 4294967295.

Optional:

- `qualifier` (Attributes List) The `qualifier` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--less_than--qualifier))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--less_than--qualifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.less_than.qualifier`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `value` (String) The `value` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--pattern_match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.pattern_match`

Required:

- `context` (String) The `context` parameter. String length must be at most 127.
- `pattern` (String) The `pattern` parameter. String length must be at most 127.

Optional:

- `qualifier` (Attributes List) The `qualifier` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--pattern_match--qualifier))

<a id="nestedatt--signature--and_condition--or_condition--operator--pattern_match--qualifier"></a>
### Nested Schema for `signature.and_condition.or_condition.operator.pattern_match.qualifier`

Required:

- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `value` (String) The `value` parameter.


