---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_objects_application_filters Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_objects_application_filters (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter.

### Optional

- `category` (List of String) The `category` parameter.
- `evasive` (Boolean) The `evasive` parameter.
- `excessive_bandwidth_use` (Boolean) The `excessive_bandwidth_use` parameter.
- `exclude` (List of String) The `exclude` parameter.
- `has_known_vulnerabilities` (Boolean) The `has_known_vulnerabilities` parameter.
- `is_saas` (Boolean) The `is_saas` parameter.
- `new_appid` (Boolean) The `new_appid` parameter.
- `pervasive` (Boolean) The `pervasive` parameter.
- `prone_to_misuse` (Boolean) The `prone_to_misuse` parameter.
- `risk` (List of Number) The `risk` parameter.
- `saas_certifications` (List of String) The `saas_certifications` parameter.
- `saas_risk` (List of String) The `saas_risk` parameter.
- `subcategory` (List of String) The `subcategory` parameter.
- `tagging` (Attributes) The `tagging` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tagging))
- `technology` (List of String) The `technology` parameter.
- `transfers_files` (Boolean) The `transfers_files` parameter.
- `tunnels_other_apps` (Boolean) The `tunnels_other_apps` parameter.
- `used_by_malware` (Boolean) The `used_by_malware` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--tagging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tagging`

Optional:

- `no_tag` (Boolean) The `no_tag` parameter.
- `tag` (List of String) The `tag` parameter.


