---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_objects_services Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_objects_services (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `folder` (String) The folder of the entry. Value must be one of: `"Shared"`, `"Mobile Users"`, `"Remote Networks"`, `"Service Connections"`, `"Mobile Users Container"`, `"Mobile Users Explicit Proxy"`.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 63.
- `protocol` (Attributes) The `protocol` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The `description` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 1023.
- `tag` (List of String) The `tag` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol`

Optional:

- `tcp` (Attributes) The `tcp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) The `udp` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.tcp`

Required:

- `port` (String) The `port` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 1023.

Optional:

- `override` (Attributes) The `override` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--tcp--override))
- `source_port` (String) The `source_port` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 1023.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--tcp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.tcp.override`

Optional:

- `halfclose_timeout` (Number) The `halfclose_timeout` parameter. Default: `120`. Value must be between 1 and 604800.
- `timeout` (Number) The `timeout` parameter. Default: `3600`. Value must be between 1 and 604800.
- `timewait_timeout` (Number) The `timewait_timeout` parameter. Default: `15`. Value must be between 1 and 600.



<a id="nestedatt--protocol--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.udp`

Required:

- `port` (String) The `port` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 1023.

Optional:

- `override` (Attributes) The `override` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocol--udp--override))
- `source_port` (String) The `source_port` parameter. String length must be between 1 and 1023.

<a id="nestedatt--protocol--udp--override"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocol.udp.override`

Optional:

- `timeout` (Number) The `timeout` parameter. Default: `30`. Value must be between 1 and 604800.


