---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sase_scep_profiles Resource - sase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves config for a specific item.
---

# sase_scep_profiles (Resource)

Retrieves config for a specific item.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ca_identity_name` (String) The `ca_identity_name` parameter.
- `digest` (String) The `digest` parameter.
- `name` (String) The `name` parameter. String length must be at most 31.
- `scep_url` (String) The `scep_url` parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the schema node. Value must be one of: `"cloud"`, `"container"`.

### Optional

- `algorithm` (Attributes) The `algorithm` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm))
- `certificate_attributes` (Attributes) The `certificate_attributes` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_attributes))
- `fingerprint` (String) The `fingerprint` parameter.
- `scep_ca_cert` (String) The `scep_ca_cert` parameter.
- `scep_challenge` (Attributes) The `scep_challenge` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge))
- `scep_client_cert` (String) The `scep_client_cert` parameter.
- `subject` (String) The `subject` parameter.
- `use_as_digital_signature` (Boolean) The `use_as_digital_signature` parameter.
- `use_for_key_encipherment` (Boolean) The `use_for_key_encipherment` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The object ID.
- `object_id` (String) The `object_id` parameter.

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm`

Optional:

- `rsa` (Attributes) The `rsa` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--algorithm--rsa))

<a id="nestedatt--algorithm--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `algorithm.rsa`

Optional:

- `rsa_nbits` (String) The `rsa_nbits` parameter.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_attributes`

Optional:

- `dnsname` (String) The `dnsname` parameter.
- `rfc822name` (String) The `rfc822name` parameter.
- `uniform_resource_identifier` (String) The `uniform_resource_identifier` parameter.


<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge`

Optional:

- `dynamic_value` (Attributes) The `dynamic_value` parameter. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_value))
- `fixed` (String) The `fixed` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 1024.
- `none` (String) The `none` parameter. Default: `""`. Value must be one of: `""`.

<a id="nestedatt--scep_challenge--dynamic_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scep_challenge.dynamic_value`

Optional:

- `otp_server_url` (String) The `otp_server_url` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 255.
- `password` (String) The `password` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 255.
- `username` (String) The `username` parameter. String length must be between 0 and 255.


